We edit the header in the last lecture.
Now I want to work on my recipes so we get the recipes component which holds the recipe list.
Now I also want you fold at least we have some life for this.
I'll go into my recipe list component and we'll learn more about engine in it later in the next module
in the components module.
For now what I want to do here is I want to add my recipes array my array of recipes which for now is
an empty array.
And here let's go back to that slide from the beginning.
I want to define how a recipe should look like.
Are you going to use a recipe a lot for this app and therefore we should definitely clearly define how
a recipe looks like so that when ever we use it in any component we're always talking about the same
structure about the same kind of object.
So for days I will create a model what is a model then a model simply is a typescript file so any recipes
folder because it's going to be the recipe model.
I'll add another file it's called recipe dot model dot TS Now Dot modeless optional.
But again you should be descriptive about what's inside a file.
And with that it's pretty clear what will be inside.
So at this file again it's now just in the recipe's folder.
And how should this file look like.
First of all I'm going to export as to your class at high school class which is something named recipe
because we define how a single recipe looks like here.
They could think that we're going to add something like add more later and we're not going to do that.
There is no decorator like this.
And we don't need to do this because we can use vanilla typescript forward as a model.
In the end should just be a blue print for objects we create and a typescript class does just this job.
A class can be instantiated so we can create new objects based on the set up we provide here in this
class so we can define how a recipe should look like in this class.
So let's do this.
A recipe should have a name and add an access or to be really clear about that this is publicly available
so that this can be accessed from outside.
If using this as an instantiated object so at public in front of it and then name ask the property name
I'll also sign the type of this by adding a colon and the type will be string and that is just how you
assign types and type struct you add a colon after the property name and then the type you want to assign
So string.
In this case I also want to have a description in each recipe so I'll add my description property which
also is a string because a description is just a text of course.
Now maybe we also want to store an image for each recipe so we should have the image path since we don't
store the image itself.
Of course that wouldn't work.
We can store files in our code but we want to store the path pointing to the image and we will simply
use images from the web.
So this will hold a r l in the end.
So there is also a string of text in the end that is the basic model for now the basic blueprint.
I'll also add a constructor to it so that we can instantiate is with the new keyword and pass the arguments
right to the constructor.
So here I expect to receive the name which will be of type string.
The description I just write is a bit shorter here which will be of type string and the image path which
will be of type string in the constructor body.
And if that's brand new to you the constructor is simply a bolt in function.
Every class has and which will be executed wants to want to create a new instance of this class.
I will show you how this works in a second.
So inside the body of this constructor we have to assign the arguments receive your tudy properties
of our object now to the properties of our class.
So this name referring to the name up here to our property should be equal to name.
And now the same for description this description should be equal to desk.
And this image part should be equal to image path.
So if we get a recipe model we can use.
Now let's use it in the next lecture.